[Response Ops][Connectors][Email] `xpack.actions.email.services.ses.host/port` kibana config (#221389)
elastic/kibana: docs/reference/configuration-reference/alerting-settings.md

    Data type: `string`

`xpack.actions.email.services.ses.host` ![logo cloud](https://doc-icons.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/logo_cloud.svg "Supported on {{ech}}")

> :    The hostname for an Amazon Simple Email Service (SES) service provider that can be used by email connectors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:    The SMTP endpoint for an Amazon Simple Email Service (SES) service provider that can be used by email connectors.
```

Monstly to emphasize that HTTPS is not supported and to be more inline with the AWS [terminology](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/ses.html).

    Data type: `string`

`xpack.actions.email.services.ses.host` ![logo cloud](https://doc-icons.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/logo_cloud.svg "Supported on {{ech}}")
:    The SMTP endpoint for an Amazon Simple Email Service (SES) service provider that can be used by email connectors.

    ::::{warning}

>     This setting alone is insufficient to override system defaults for the SES SMTP endpoint. You must also configure the `xpack.actions.email.services.ses.port` setting

Author: Hey @nastasha-solomon, could you review it again, please? I did some changes + this warning section is new

Reviewer 2: Just a couple minor edits - thanks!

```suggestion
    This setting alone is insufficient for overriding system defaults for the SES SMTP endpoint. You must also configure the `xpack.actions.email.services.ses.port` setting.
```

Author: done in 269bc6b572aaec775d9fb008892c76fb63b8c38e
